## CapstoneProject-2024-S2-41
---
# Team Charter

**Mission**\
The team's mission is to deliver...

**Goals**\
We aim to produce a professional, industry standard research paper. We are striving to accurately cover the ways Generative AI will impact plagiarism and analyse how this can be mitigated.
Our goals will be aligned with our project's sponsor, and we will ensure this remains true throughout the project by conducting regular meetings to address scope, issues or concerns we have with the project.

**Scope**\
The project's scope involves...

Scope exclusions can be divided into what has been given in the initial project briefing and what has been decided upon by the team.
Some exclusions included in the initial project briefing include:
- The development of new plagiarism detection tools. Rather, the project should investigate the feasibility of current systems and products of generation and detection.
- Deep technical analysis of AI algorithms. While there may be a semi-technical overview of certain architectures (e.g. LLMs), the project does not encompass detectability changes stemming from architectural changes. 
- Large-scale experimental studies. Data gathered should not be directly generated with large samples of human users or AI-generated content. Additionally, the number of generation and detection services should be limited. 
- Broad market analysis. The project’s aims will not include the economic opportunities stemming from AI-generated content and/or its detection so as to prelude the development of a product. 
- Legal and ethical issues. The project’s purpose is to analyse the feasibility of detecting AI-generated content rather than the impacts of said feasibility.

Additional scope exclusions include:
- The type of medium being generated. Generative AI can produce data in many forms. Sound and image manipulation is largely detectable via cursory inspection as of the project’s beginning. Thus, there will likely only be discussion of detecting text generation models.
- The text being generated must be entirely generated by an autonomous system. It may be possible to test the success of detection methods given mixed amounts of human-written and generated text. However, this significantly enlarges the scope of investigation.


**Roles and Responsibilities**
  - *James Maas* - General Assignments are made on the GitHub project scrum board.
  - *Will New* - General Assignments are made on the GitHub project scrum board.
  - *Tenzin Woeser* - General Assignments are made on the GitHub project scrum board.
  - *Suraj Khadka* - General Assignments are made on the GitHub project scrum board.
